feat: adding glossary (#227)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/concepts/09_glossary.md

### DID Resolver

A DID resolver is a software component that can resolve a DID to a DID Document, which contains information about the DID, such as public keys, service endpoints, and other metadata.

### Self-Sovereign Identity

A decentralized digital identity management system that enables individuals to own and control their identity information using secure digital technologies, such as blockchain.
SSI eliminates the need for intermediaries and provides individuals with greater privacy, security, and control over their personal data.
It is an emerging concept that has the potential to transform how identity is managed and verified across various sectors.

### Verifiable Credentials

Verifiable credentials are digital credentials that can be used to prove claims about a person, organization, or thing, and are designed to be portable, interoperable, and privacy-preserving.
Verifiable credentials are often associated with DIDs and can be stored and managed using a DID-based identity system.

## KILT Protocol Specific Terms

### Attestation

The act of providing evidence or confirming the validity of a claim, typically performed by a trusted attester.

### Attester

> A person, organization or entity that verifies and validates the identity or credentials of an individual in a digital or physical setting.
> Attesters play a critical role in building trust and establishing the authenticity of information and data shared between parties.

Author: ```suggestion
An entity makes sure that certain statements are accurate. This entity examines claims made by other entities and only approves those that are true, issuing a certification. However, there may be dishonest attesters who approve false statements as well.
Attesters play a critical role in building trust and establishing the authenticity of information and data shared between parties.
```
